docs/features.md, before:

# Features

🤖 Let me showcase my amazing features that will make your development experience smoother and more efficient. One thing I would like to mention is that I am as good as your input, if I miss something just be more specific and I will do magic! 🪄 

## Code Analysis

I can scan through your project files and folders to read and understand your code. This allows me to make context-aware changes that fit seamlessly into your existing codebase.

## Bug Fixing

Worried about bugs? Leave it to me! I automatically analyze your code to identify common issues and suggest or apply fixes, saving you time and effort. I mean with right inputs, I can do wonders!

## Test Writing

Ensuring your code functions as expected is crucial. I generate comprehensive test cases based on your current code structure to help maintain high-quality code.

## File Creation

Need new files or components? I create them adhering to your project's existing patterns and conventions, ensuring consistency across your codebase.

Let's work together to build something amazing!

Commit message:

Updated documentation with the latest features

docs/features.md, after:

# Features

🤖 Let me showcase my amazing features that will make your development experience smoother and more efficient. One thing I would like to mention is that I am as good as your input, if I miss something just be more specific and I will do magic! 🪄 

## Code Analysis

I can scan through your project files and folders to read and understand your code. This allows me to make context-aware changes that fit seamlessly into your existing codebase.

## Bug Fixing

Worried about bugs? Leave it to me! I automatically analyze your code to identify common issues and suggest or apply fixes, saving you time and effort. I mean with right inputs, I can do wonders!

## Test Writing

Ensuring your code functions as expected is crucial. I generate comprehensive test cases based on your current code structure to help maintain high-quality code.

## File Creation

Need new files or components? I create them adhering to your project's existing patterns and conventions, ensuring consistency across your codebase.

## Latest Features

- Ability to create a new assistant for each project.
- Moved away from Chat Assistants API to Chat Completions API.
- Stores conversations locally in a SQLite database.
- The database, config file, and cache files are stored in the `home directory/.droid`.

Let's work together to build something amazing!
